how would you I care very much about
aviation fastest man on the planet
he saw the future I got really this
Howard Hughes is bought TWA let's build
a plane that flies above the weather
across the country across the world if
you do that you could lose everything
why won't he lived the dream welcome
Hollywood
a little adventure miss Hepburn do y'all
I have heard some disquieting rumors
about mr. Hughes I'd like to know
everything there is to know if he how I
learn what pleases you you madman he
thought nothing could stop him you have
to be very careful my investigators have
turned up a lot of dirt you want to go
to war with me
you know sometimes I get these crazy
ideas about things that may not really
be there I'll have him dragged here to
Washington I want to see the whites of
his life you're on a street fight and
I'm not gonna lose the aunts panic he'll
come asleep but he does not own the sky
beyond the world jack
I want them follow something drove him
[Music]
beyond the legend federal property
something consumed in there touching
things beyond the genius the deadline is
now completely unrealistic now I want to
see the blueprints again travell
blueprints from opression Oakland is the
truth behind the man I'll get a doctor
no one sees him like this sometimes I
truly fear that I'm losing my moment
there's nothing there Howard
you married me you're too crazy for me
[Music]
she'll go faster The Aviator